Update existing theme docs to support Chase release (#6511)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/about/glossary.mdx

Legacy (UITK) theme emulates Salt's predecessor, UI Toolkit, and supports migration from the older design system. See all the characteristics for [Legacy theme](/salt/themes/design-tokens/brand).

### Chase theme

> The Chase theme was developed with the Chase consumer bank design system team to emulate the look and feel of the Chase consumer brand within Salt. It’s available to JPMC employees only. For more information, see the [Chase theme documentation](https://go/saltds-chase-theme) (internal only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chase theme brings the Chase consumer brand’s look and feel to Salt. It is available exclusively to JPMorganChase employees. For more details, see the [Chase theme documentation](https://go/saltds-chase-theme) (internal only).
```

Reviewer: I don't think its necessary to mention the collab. Its just making it clear that Chase theme is Chase Consumer

Reviewer 2: @pseys we should use concatenations e.g. It's available
